you
join see Roger TV as we take you where
no other boarding series has gone before
to the Outer Limits in the world of
high-performance voting when it comes to
record-breaking speeds or just about
anything it's loud and fast you've got
to be talking about how to limits
offshore powerboat
more like a family than a company outer
limits has been propelled into the
record books by its founder michael
fiore behind the wheel of the record
breaking xxx
like any family
it's the dynamics of the members that
can make it or break it
no it doesn't know what direction to go
with that that's problem I get a pull on
Friday
oh we having a problem with our supplier
it's gonna be another six to eight weeks
something like that ain't even close
dude you're showing the whole world your
problem follically challenged details
take your hat off
Oh Jess you're right on you how are you
Oh besides oh please we're together a
year I Know Who I am I've been known to
annoy you
good you're gonna do a shot at it oh yes
with beautiful stuff so make it for you
that's again
our fan club and this family has what it
takes to get the job done
hey empty Hall on deck to a painted boat
motors in its canopy on seven days
your snappy dresser
let me take poll you want a camera
they said that one of them so we can
measure this mellow zero
to get these high-performance
communities out the door and on the
water
it's AIT's a passion all things loud
laughs
and the speech is speech
join us each week as Surat or TV takes
you to Outer Limits Mercier